== Grid

The main app can be found at http://grid.cityvoice.com as well as the staging environment http://staging.cityvoice.com

== Installation
To configure this app you must first run:
  rake gems:install

You will need to also install:
  gem install json
  gem install xmlparser

this will install all dependent gems for Grid so you can get going. Possible errors you will encounter are issues with two gems we have seen so far. The first Gem being daemons, you must be sure on your system that there is NO other version of daemons installed except for the version we have specified in the config/environment.rb for that gem. Be sure to:
  rake db:create
  rake db:migrate
to setup your database and migrations. If your migrations fail try switching to SQLite3 or standard database debugging or adding RAILS_ENV=development onto your migration string (I have seen very few cases when app defaults to production or test, but it can happen and appending the RAILS_ENV to migration string usually works).

== Pulling Data
After you fully get setup and you can run the server and/or console and get NO error messages on either after startup. If so you are ready to pull some data for your database. Don't forget to run your migrations, but remember these cannot fail or you cannot continue with proper functionality of the application. At this point go ahead and startup the console for the Grid application and you can start a giant data pull from salesforce by executing this command:
  GroupAccount.pull_all_data_migrations
This takes a very long time so be patient grab a cup of tea. If this fails (which you will know after about 2 seconds) then the appropriate error message should be able to tell you the exact problem, but if you can start up the console and get no errors then this task will most likely succeed. The most common error with pulling data we have seen has been with the daemons gem, just make sure you only have one version installed and your pull should be successfull

== Administrator
From this point you should be able to create an account with no problem. In order to be an admin, you need to change the admin field in the database from 0 to 1 to enable admin access on your localhost. From here you can login after changing the value and pull some account data.
Incase you are lazy, and need an admin account right away and a user account just run the following:
  rake db:seed
The accounts created are:
  -------------------------------
  username: admin@cityvoice.com
  password: admin
  -------------------------------
  username: user@cityvoice.com
  password: user
  -------------------------------